## VacationFinder

**Link to application:** https://a2-2dudesandaguy.herokuapp.com/

Our team created a web application to determine a user's ideal travel destination (out of 15 possible destinations)
based on quiz results. We based the algorithm on data generated by TripAdvisor and team member's experiences traveling
to these destinations. Once a user completes the quiz they will be directed to a result's page where they will see what
destination the algorithm generated along with a Google map of the location.

There are many places in the world where someone could travel to and choosing the right one can be a daunting task. Our
project aims to alleviate this pain.

One of the biggest problems that our team faced, was implementing the client-side application using a framework (Vue) that
none of us were comfortable using going into the project. Implementing the GoogleMaps API was difficult with the
template-style framework that vue uses. It required a good amount of time to get map to display well in the template. Further,
implementing the location generation algorithm was very difficult. The reason for this was that no one on the team had
experience with JavaScript. Implementing a good algorithm, with an optimal time-complexity is very difficult without understanding
all of the data structures in JavaScript.

We firmly believe that our solution can help users get on the right path to choosing their next great adventure.

In the future, we would like to add more locations, and questions (this should result in a more accurate algorithm).

//-----START OF: How to use the application-----//

1) Sign in:
    a) In the input bar at the top, put in a unique name.
    b) This name will be used to login later, so a user may edit previous answers.
2) Answer the quiz questions.
3) Click 'Submit'
4) On the results page a user can view the location using satellite and map layers. Further, a user can drag the
    'orange person icon' into the map and see a street view of the location.
5) If a user so chooses, they can go back to the quiz and edit results. Simply 'login' again using the unique name they
    created the first time and once they click off the input bar, their previous results will be highlighted.

//-----END OF: How to use the application-----//

## Team Members
Alexander Antaya
Paul Shingleton
Steven McAteer

## Technical Achievements
- **Tech Achievement 1**: Created an algorithm to determine a preferred destination based on quiz results
- **Tech Achievement 2**: Integrated the Google Maps API to display the specific geographical location of the
    destination that the user generated based on quiz results. Further, the user can drag the icon on the screen
    to get a street-level view of the area.
- **Tech Achievement 3**: Implemented the vue framework to create an elegant UI/UX.
- **Tech Achievement 4**: Used jquery to get user input and streamline JSONify-ing it.

### Design/Evaluation Achievements
- **Design Achievement 1**: Implemented custom radio buttons for a bigger click surface for users with poor eye
    sight, no mouse, or are on a mobile platform.
- **Design Achievement 2**: Used bootstrap for styling to improve UX on a mobile device.
- **Design Achievement 3**: Implemented material design, a modern UI design pattern that a user would be very familiar with.
